1. Heard you can sell a key to God bro; but I only deliver the values. Serial key to life is to make sure you got the plug with people that'll have Metro, Biz Boomin, and no-singing at my funeral. On that topic: walked into a store once and a mom came on explaining her son's recent death led to her and the mourners to be pleasantly surprised by what they all learned of each other's presence. I'm not an artist and YOlO just like you so I'll appreciate and enjoy all this world has to offer. But honestly: I might just play "put my money in the grave" on repeat. Idk man, I'm good where I'm at too. Scared of the guap so the next 47 days are on me. No vacation; a new type of vocation. "Change locations." Now on the Redis caches and tokens wanna swap; no - wait. But really; "it's on me". After that: "f*ck you; pay me."
2. (Out of bounds)
3. Not for higher b/c I don't lower my standards. Just kidding. Got the 1099 man. Lookin for the "whole 100"
4. Clean up good dawg but still in my own lane
5. If I turn my skills and abilities into functions, does that mean I get a callback? "cHolla back" > "please say sum"
6. I took all 26 and said "all their file systems belong to {structure_type_data}"
7. If that's a wearable, what do we call the other things? An undresss reference &1
8. What are we having for dinner TK? Software apparently *shrug* Wade exits right as the tags try to bit flip the bucket. Jack?
9. Yo - then I said corruption isn't a disease, it's just the data pipeline on Elastic sponsored by Rule 15 band
10. I got toast; rye here(14). Goblin.
11. Yo, the way you keep tabs, the way you drive tabs, and the way you dab the tabs are all from mother land. Which one? Bothhhhhhhhh Ain't the first time I offend Jewish & Italian people man. It's a long story but it ended up with a book deal, some phone calls, and danger zone kinda vibe that I sanatize faster than the zones you are in. Pfftt wait till you hear about plastic bags, 1099-L(abs) (checkmate.), and my classmates in service that I'm so so so so shamefully avoiding during reunion. *Oh, no big deal, I didn't actually think he could do karate better than me* Correction: it's self expression *nods down*. It's hard to make a name for yourself from where I come from so I just stick to my thing. Love, Sambas and Sambusas
12. Ask God for some snakes and next thing you know your are hitting a mage wall and drag is up in 20 and you don't know where the blue buff is. The dream.
