## House rules
In order to be able to be taken seriously when giving a complement and be respected when you represent the team: you have to be able to laugh!!! Laugh at yourself; laugh at how crazy weird and ridiculous all of this is; and then double-down on your joke.

Be bold in your vision but never forget to touch reality with the team that's actually staying up weekends and nights to ship just-in-time for the customer. Always take notes and make sure you are just a shout-caster for the product, team, & end-customer. Talk 100MPH about your bio and then slow....down....and articulate with clarity when you are explaining the value prop. Copy, mirror, & embody the best around you and kindly "separate yourself from the conversation" because you only dialogue "with the 100s" & the people that keep it 100.

I hope you grow more vulnerable so you can dream and collaborate with me because that's the only way I'll be able to learn from you. If you need something, ask and I'll be there for you. I'm extremely ambitious and have a "how might we" attitude. If I don't know something, I'll come back the next day with better questions and some wiki-dump. But for me to do what I do best, I rely and need you make sure that all the other crazy inter-workings of the world are in pristine condition (DayZ Alpha). So I'll attempt to go into your world but don't take it as anything but respect, admiration, & pure awe-jaw-drop-OMG-that-IS-SO-COOOL!!!

I'm your teammate so don't be afraid to reject what is just my creative process but don't miss out on the gems I'll drop in a conversation and just keep going. If you care to ask for clarification, I'll be happy to tell you how I learned it and who I learned it from. If you assume I'm sharing my assertions and style, you'll miss out on a chance to capture tacit knowledge I, nor you, can't articulate or Google; you just have to be there and really be there. We are already here; we are never going to be able to do this again; and we will never be able to "if-only" our way out of regret. Assume I have the best intentions and you'll never find out what my insecurity or squeaky-voice will hoard from you.

## In the trenches

So wether it's in the team, community, or in front of a customer: don't be afraid to lead with your name, why now, and a question. People will forget your name and if they're still talking to you, they are hoping you have "big ears", as Ken Norton would say, to be able to co-create a beautiful anthem that makes the customer feel like the only person in the world; and certainly right, special, & and one in *insert-Mixpanel-cohert-here*. Just like Brian and co., you have to be willing to belief that cereal entrepreneurship is possible with methods that don't scale. It's in seeing the beauty & wholeness of a person that you get to help them grow comfortable with the realization that they're not alone; they can be magnified; and that they can be put on a pedestal with each touch point in the happy, DIY, path.

The world is more fun if you see it as malleable and that requires us to create a "currency of fun." Valve & Nintendo have been able to capture huge value end-to-end - 60% & 80% respectively if I'm not mistaken - by making sure that they were never too proud, delusional, or greedy in inventing all of the economies, technology, & social behavior that extends to enterprise, civic infrastructure, and SMBs. Personally, I had the pleasure of having a co-founder on my last project who forced me to see the world as more of an adventure and I am still trying to figure out what he learned and how. I'm not afraid to bring my social capitalist agendas and my servant leader humility to documentation, customer support, and the wild wild west: marketing.

## Manual

iIf you want something, I'll help you grow your hunger and thirst. If you need someone, I'll tell you no; in hopes that you ask "can you tell me who would be more relevant to talk to?" (look up Max - Intuit - & Cliff - Speechify - and you'll be stunned at how primitive my ways are). The maker and hacker ethos that I dove head-first into in 2016 has blessed me with conversations, jobs, and tears of pure bliss. Along the way, I cursed, crawled, & reflected my way through the crappiest, euphoric, & cinematic of days. I cried, prayed, & rejuvenated every night so I can show up to work the next day. For those around me, being stoic & sentimental is a dynamic they thrive in. They experiment, hack-together, and shortcut their way through each challenge with an attitude that the little things optimized can have massive payoffs for the future version of them.

To fund and orchestrate that world: math, physics, psychology, IP law, & DevOps will be applied with vigor, romance, & fluidity (1ms response time). Never forget that the architects, service workers, chefs, security, HR, IT, & certainly the politicians too *eye-roll* make it possible for you to have the space and affordance to do so day-after-day. So never forget that learning, working, & playing are hard if you can't suspend disbelief.

This is day 17. "The bus is leaving with or without them" as my boss once said in attempt to console me about the duality of being a young leader. Be bold enough to argue, curse, and even sobb on Teamspeak or Discord because all those emotions are what raise our bar of quality & excellence in service. Make sure you bring your full self, open mind, and some empathy. I'm trying my best and if you ask me what's wrong: I might just tell you. All you have to say is: "I'm sorry bro - that f*cking sucks." *Channel "Yep"s to concur* If you end up with the aux cord, let's just hope Hank doesn't find out about it.
 
## Celebrate
Like Derrick Rose, you'll find that your glory & triumph will be an opportunity for your community to be seen as the village that nurtured those who keep their heads down, chin up, and back straight. There's no place that you should ever feel like you can't feel like the people around you are anything but uncles and aunties who you can lean on. So don't be afraid to ask for help. That's the one thing I'm working harder and harder to be able to do. For a couple bucks, a couch to crash, feedback, human handkerchief, or just good company.

You'll only learn if you choose to belief that compounding effects & system delays are cyclical. Just like any asset, my life is up & down but I'm always reminded of the beauty in higher lows and higher highs. The latter is lost on me b/c it's just too amazing to dream of; some call it hopium - I call it faith! With that faith, I hope to come out stronger, wiser, & renewed but not without you. I hope we can celebrate each other's success and growth on the way up.

## Raise the bar. Praise the bars. Merge the sauce and acquire the remix.

So when you see me smiling, you know I got my 2016 Guicci attitude on and MadVillan tactical attire and Didas slides for paradise. (RIP MFDoom - a true legend who did PR like Toshi before it was cool) The nirvana was just the friends we made along the way.
