# Lessons, inspiration, & market/product research

#### Valve's Team Fortress 2 has single handedly been the medium, universe, & guiding operating principle for my introduction & entry into computer science, business, & marketing. Thank you for an awesome game; I hope you can be proud of the autonomy & example I could provide the world by seeing it in a playful lens to make the change in the real world malleable with a dent that I can be proud to leave behind; a well for the next generation's curiosity. Thank you GabeN for cautiously navigating the economic frameworks that allowed me to thrive & the gaming world to "self-fund its profitability" (Digital Ocean S-1) [No personal affiliation or conflict of interest]

Concepts:

1."Currency of fun"
2. Games are experiences "that respond to agency on the side of the player". These are properties you can observe from the game environment that are tactile; have a feedback mechanism that's intentional. Gabe's example: the decision in Half Life to have the wall show the after-effect & cosmetically trailing receptivity (holes, tear, wear).
3. Player performs an action; has state; and requires the game to recognize and respond to each state. "If I shoot at a wall: something should happen." Otherwise, the "wall would be ignoring you." In testing the need for this feedback loop to be worth the added cost, the team found that players spend time shooting at the walls with their guns to make art. This was using decals: atomic "layer" that can allow us to leverage hierarchy and commonly known to be "a design that can be applied to another surface like glass, porcelain (ceramic pottery), and metal."
4. Source film maker. It was the result of a product decision, culture impacting too, to give access to game developers and everyday creators/gamers the ability to leverage the already existing camera and perspective views that typically are reserved for creating the cinematic in-game cut-scenes that anyone can now use. I hope this can be an example & standard for the broader film making, marketing, & creative-tools industry to daringly and abundantly empower creativity at scale, any time, and any place - minding the monetary locale respectively.

#### Would like to invite the gaming, film, & writing community to contribute tools in an open source manner. I'd make it my goal to provide marketing strategies to support your individual business focus and marketing media plan.
