# The art of seeing the mirror, smoke, and making your magic career

#### To a leader I hope to one day become: thank you for answering the emails that helped me learn this; even when you were busy. Abnormal Security is hiring btw; lots of great eng/product talent. Now, on to what I hope is a way for us to pay forward the tools & means that built us.

## The world of tech hiring in 2016-2020 (Wby this; why now; and why not)
During my internship search in 2016, I had the pleasure of having my 1st offer be the greatest job offer in the world: an opportunity to take my hot takes & criticisms of ed tech to a company that allowed me to come present a critique in the form of a pitch meeting to the VP of Eng, PMs, and Eng. It started with some hubris then humbled into a slideshow, Sketch iOS mocks, & business plan. There was no job posting but they were gracious & empowering enough to give me the dream career right off the bat: become my own engineer & product manager to build the tool for students & teachers so it can solve the problem I cared most about. The kind of problems that moved my life and I was determined to make sure I knew how to fit it into the goals, mission, & values the company cared about. What was it that got a 19 year old and a multi-mllion user company aligned? The desire to give teachers more time with me and less time asking me if I don't know it - I likely won't raise my hand.

For a dream we created together; an opportunity that started my Silicon Valley dream with a home run (pitch); and the chance to have seen why some of best in their league make sure they double down on their success in education tech. I hope they know one day that I wouldn't have turned it down for the world if I didn't feel that there would be a better time: where I would have the skills to understand how to give the entire team & mission the rocketboost it needs: student-success-aligned monetization, care and delicacy for every busy parent and unique child, and the heart to be greedy for the causes that matter. I think we can really do it! Well, it won't be all the amazing talent & ambition that saw better and good in me in 2016 but I know that the mission is too critical for them to have left without finding better, fresh, & effortlessly recruited. If profitable enormously, capital can make the workload on each person lighter because we would take a huge salary cut to be able to work in that field. Until then, all I can do is root for them and make sure I set myself up to have the heart I did in 2016 to put it all on the line and make sure that no one ever has to run away from a better version of themselves they can educate. So with that, I wish for you to be able to get to your version of this sooner: with less heart break for those who dream with you & more confidence to do the things only you know you need to do to be able to build the unique, valuable, & compounding skills.

## Who am I right now?
I am still figuring it out but I've been working on getting comfortable with ambiguity; shutting my inner voice when you're talking; and showing up everyday! (Day 7 of my 100 day challenge). I've worked in ads, gaming, social, dating, consumer video, infra, & some product design. Lots of data. Lots of passion. Just trying to focus on letting the work i intentionally create shape me though. I need to learn a lot of eng skills right now and trust me...I feel like a complete fraud and sometimes self-patronizing now that I'm making time to build this as a hard skill. Next, I'm hoping I could allow myself to be shaped more by how I can most fluidly shape myself around a team, problem, and product-market so I can make more time in my life for basketball, nature walks, & a whole lot of giggles. I am excited for us though. God willing, I see a lot of opportunity seeds to plant so we can take each day to mass-health-goodness-vaccines-herd so i can get outta here and back to a hackathon. While we're here though, maybe this can help you build your community so you can have online & offline hubs to always kick back, relax, & be present; maybe you learn something - but you'll never feel like an island.

Also, I'm super in my feelings and it's a good time to put it into something that's going to allow me to capture it best so I can keep my head up, tears and sweat dry, and the music turned up loud so we can look forward to the good days ahead. I enjoyed watching The Office and in every instance of my path to 100: I embody all of them. Stay healthy and stay active; nature is usually a good place to start - maybe row or something. My biggest regret is not having made time, effort, & humility to join a sports team in high school so I can learn to win as a team - with my boundless wit & grit. For now, having shared this with you is already a victory lap. I'm hoping the next 93 days be what my eyes haven't seen; ears haven't heard; and what my mind couldn't
fathom (Googled this 3x lol)

## What is the actionable template from this guide?

### A comms management checklist
My intention is to offer my support so you can find the medium that fits your voice, style, & audience's receptivity best. Usually, these have to begin from the things that are worth communicating: the artifacts you ship that SHOW your continued crafts-man-and-woman-ship so you can can insprire in others the confidence that your classmates for the past 12 years likely have. These can one day earn you email intros and recommendations because you'd have co-created

A. Evidence based trust that can allow you to communicate the skills & values that can only be seen through your genuine service to the industry, cause, and people that matter to you.

B. The ability to remember your name if you pop up in their inbox. It'll take time but I too have found ways to, slowllly & cringe-binging, make it not annoying but a healthy level of persistence mixed with a reminder that if I don't get a response or a "mentor", I won't see it as anything but a reminder that I need to find the right people who have the patience, bravery, and poise to tell me to just write out the question and ask in an email. If you do it right, these could one day be intros from your other mentors who can set the stage for you so you can stop talking about yourself and get in your feelings and just ask the question you need to. Well, obviously I did plenty of tears, laughs, & smirking but that was through the apps, videos, blogs, and community contributions I shared with them. So that I can now make enough time to write this but then point you to my friends because I have to get back to reading, mind mapping, & deliberate practice; I got broken hearts still out there wondering how to ask for help without feeling like they need hand holding, a handout, or a record player on what they already are good at.

C. "We aim to be profitable to self-fund our future" - Digital Ocean S-1 2021. I want this for you and I believe any progress you can see sooner on that is worth me making an effort. But for now, I am going to just share my process in hopes that it can free me up so that we can go to events, hackathons, and play some ball too.

### Why should I believe you?
We wanted to put together this guide for anyone looking to find a way to plug into really hard, meaningful (always: learning), and an invitation for you to leverage organizational learning to grow others and yourself horizontally. If if it's with us - great - but if not, we hope this guide finds you into a well of endless fulfillment, pride, and craftsman style (Like Bruce Lee says, style alone can make us feel separated from our fellows)

### Hmmm, what if I'm still working on shaping my voice so I can publicly share?
There is no 1 way and there is no better-worse; just a new day, an opportunity, and a chance for you to shape yourself, the game, & your game so you can take pride, purpose, & utility (find your replacements - fast) in your craft.

### Aprentenship opportunities
So, you want to get a job or a 1099 contract but you’re not sure if you want to take advantage of the structure, mentorship, & mastery/growth path in a defined role? Well, good. Because that’s called career autonomy; and its earned. Yeah, take that. You need to just accept being coachable at this stage; otherwise, find an internship.

### Driving the search with your heart, soul, & "right hand to the plough"
It’s been the most challenging 10 years for me because I have yet to figure out how to do something without feeling like I needed to be somebody. If I can just…feel myself in their shoes or maybe talk-the-talk? Well….I certainly don’t want to be a poser because I’m new and excited so having something to show that says here’s…”why”. Simon Sinek tells a beautiful story about why it is that the directional, cohesive, & incremental framing of our purpose can help us tell a story looking forward. Start with why then how then what. He has a far more elegant narrative about the duality of the opportunist vs, a newly minted concept for me, “bricolage” – the desperation & need-driven creation of solutions and products from the things around you, even barebones. It has become my new favorite perspective on entrepreneurship, product design, & maker-culture . The “commercializing” of creativity art of looking making something out of the things around you, in scarcity. One day, you'll need to learn to operate out of abundance or else you'll find yourself surprised at how surprising, and delightfully terrifying, your ambitions, celebrations, & hype-up-game is. Repeat; but certainly don't change more than 1 thing at a time.

### Okay, now what?
Deliver value upfront - never to those who helped - but to those need to know that we are rooting for them and are willing to help others be the change in the world they were through us. I intend to be an inspiration to my heroes one day and I hope to see that in you too. You got this. Just...do it (hehe). "You'll never know what it's like to know something you don't know - just as it equally will be that you won't know what it's like to unknow something you already know.

You're here though. I like to think you're further off than I was when I started. Go make your mark in this world but just like my man Cole said "change only starts from the inside" and not the "pen glide". https://genius.com/J-cole-change-lyrics Just make sure you know it's the real G's that tell you to change but you know they are their own person. Next update on this is about transforming in life like a timeless album. My album of the decade: "What a time to be alive."
