# Thursday June 3rd, 2021

I don't do downside protection. If my presence bothers you, allow me to burden the onus of "changing locations." I don't do arguments and I certainly am so petty that I will drop the entire field and go do something else if it's not clear already that I'm only interested in playing in natural monopoly. I don't do looking behind me and I don't do vests or thicc glasses; ever. I'm willing to lose it to anyone, at anytime, & for meaning. When you work and sacrafice this much to be good, you bet; I just walk. That being clear, I'd like to spend some time today to creating some open frameworks for how I would like you to help me avoid conflict of interest: on all sides. I want to focus on creating upside and that means my attention & courage, much like yours, are better reserved to be of creative capacity. The few moments of downtime, just-this-once, and just-because moments can allow all of us to feel equally as heroic if we can find a common "thread" to help some sucker play Charlie and piece the story together. So I'm advocating that we do less, less often, and the least possible; collectively. Come to think of it, it might just spawn an era of trust & civic participation that would put food supply chains to shame. The largest jump in communal village hehavior that could only be possible in the tracing and "intelligent" age. Once we thread a social blanket - only second to a bear hug - then maybe the quotes can come off. Information age is so yesterday; thanks! That's as far as I'll row...

Make it a day and I'm sure you'll be greatful. I only show up for one thing at a time :)
