# Friday May 14th, 2021

Today is a new day; let's make it feel welcome! It's present spawns two new concepts: yesterday and tomorrow. Every chance it yields to tomorrow is recursively out of date. I learned recently that every era is stuck in the era they reminisce being born. That's the thing about loss I've learned about as well; it's got me spending more time thinking about what I lost, what won't be, and what should have instead been....way longer than the actual time I spent being present in it. Damn. It's like the decisions I "Sunny" only to find that the strings connecting the dots were indeed just strings; ones that move me. It's a silly game we humans invent for ourselves for amusement, indecision, & "* of it." I always found Steve's "loving each day as it were your last" to be myopic because technically today is a moving window of 24 hours; not a cup of water. It's only today because you choose to see it as something that you use up or what is left of tomorrow's anticipation. To conclude: I think the most gratifying feeling is relinquishing the day to the Lord and getting to bed. You nor I decide our fate but the mere acknowledgement of any thought or feeling is a reason to celebrate; the onus is on you to make this second just as sweeet of a gift as the remaining few before the date changes. For when we start the day: you and I start at the same place and state. I hope reading this greets you with a pleasant reminder when you wake up that what you do today is self love for tomorrow. Idk who told me this but I will be forever grateful: "growth and self-improvement is about making life and joy easier for tomorrow's you." So, smile and take on the day with the intention of rewarding your future you. Sooon enough, you'll find it pleasantly surprising how easy it is to love yourself. Lastly: do not do the same for the people & "I love you" in your life. Those are best done yesterday :) I appreciate you! So make your bed and you'll find the meta point even more comforting. Make it a day worth repeating; and you'll never have to :)

Good thru forever,
Batman on a lean startup diet
