# Tuesday May 1st, 2021

Welcome back! So I called up my science teacher a while back to get some advice on how to make this 100 day thing work. I was met with, what I imagine to be equally shared, confusion about the 100 and the days being together part haha. Beyond that, the main takeaway for me was to make these journals work and be for my benefit and no one else alone. No this doesn't end in a *Vince who? you too Mike. And really....all those logos to beat a lens flare?* Though I did think about this today while trying to figure out some consistency in voice for my journals, thought streams, & occassional exestential crisis I get about wanting to post a joke on here. *Cough cough Model E cough. out!*

Here's my latest take on it: the outcomes of this 100 Day project should be felt around you wherever you may be; as per my goal from inception. Now, what actually is tangible deliverable to definetly not history or the Bible, but certainly welcome the eqivilant of Jeff's AWS account ;); better known as: FTP with tracing. That was a complex joke to simply say whatever is in this repo is what I consider to be deliverable. I appreciate the kindness & hosting of Microsoft's M&A team. As I said before, the true failure in my eyes is showing up for Day 101 having misssed Abenezer Mamo 101: just show up for 100 Days to change myself, my community, - and eventually - the world. Living change(d) thereafter; just-in-time (for once).

I had no idea this was going to be how we start the day but good morning everyone except Big Sean and that one song. Takes a few replays...*breath*.

# New Today
1. TL;DR: Be kind for you know not the jokes I had to hold back or what shaped me into who I am today; just trying my best to just show up. Showing up and making it clear to myself that if I'm showing up to eventually not have to after 100 Days, then I should be able to count on you to understand why showing up for all of us isn't exactly the kind of pressure that's easy when you manage to finally work iteratively, always-on deliverable, & shoving it to all those kids who said "what" to me all those years. Jk, I just wanted to make sure you also didn't say you can't learn from this b/c *queues in xyz about how abc spoken I was to be...* Nah fam, I'm exactly like this in person too. This made me apprerciate me even more and I hope it helps you apprercaite the gaming & IM days that made English so much easier to learn. Also, somethign something classroom learning improves when you write and do it together. Somethign something make it easier for someone to append on to your work before you end up llike....this. Nice supecomputer you got there bud..... ;)


# Opportunity made today

1. So....I did something yesterday that I'm like so freaking excited to share with you about: I got storage space...in a form of a garage. Okay, besides the obvious flex that I am going to call it Lab-1099 (trying adding another dash, punk! K, cool!) Anyway, I'm mainly excited to get to the best part....it made me so freaking happy to even have land that obviously isn't for living but can house my side projects, ridculous junk from learning & sampling organically, & just about anything i don't know what to do with yet. You get my vibe right...don't worry if highest earning role in tech didn't already make it clear that I'm happy with glassdoor salary too....I thought I'd stunt on you today by having you dreaming about wishing you had something like that in the digital space....Come on, you know better. We're just trying to make the world dance ;) Obviously you'd have to build this yourself since that's where the fun is. On that note...queue the next great thing i want to share....
2. Proof of effort as a means of not improving on any proof-of-work by utility, functionality, or even any considerable measure other than......jusut because. Welcome to the exciting world of you spending 30 years chasing the depth of whatever it is you are crazy about and want to spend your entire life getting better at and do all the time. Now that we are gonna 1,000x the GDP, you will have all the reasons to not worry about X, Y, and definetly not Z. I'll save the patronizing and get to the point: you're gonna live change(d) and progress is all we're after until then :) In God we trust! Don't worry, yes, I did consider the consequences of doing too much good by intention as much as the harm without. No, I don't think I'm better than the economists of the past. Would I say we're at equilibirum..... 

# Today's chances that last

1. P.S. I appreciate the good vibes that people share even if it seems cliche or repeated. Idk...might be a good way to drum up some excitment haha! Trust me.... (okay, this was so over the top and not usual of me to make complex jokes just to be like ha-gatcha - serious.) This is what happens when you're cultured more than that Ethiopian butter spicin up! Sigh....SEC is just shaking their head somewhere missing the golden concept days as they aticipate the #2 African businessman make his stride to take Robin's place. Just saying, I'll take #2 only if it's clear who's Batman and who's too rich to grab coffee *mic drop* What, no....I don't have secret plots to make your world better while also making sure I become my hero's inspiration too. I keep reminding myself I'm so glad I opted in to having my name on here. I didn't have to and that's my choice even knowing my streak would have already thrown off my Sherlock friends. Yeah yeah yeah, welcome to hip-hop...where you'd freak a check and a smoke it after just to be able to then grow up and beat me to the Cody Banks game. *Ross ad-lib intro in* Trust me, you can clone this repo and fork it too but only one of us spoons with the moment.
2. My sauce: I did the brand thing before this so definetly could be like kodak moment but you know me: A) I'll take the other side of the trade B) I'll fund your competitor C) I'll use your product - a lot! So because I can map out their LTV like I'm lidar, I generally feel good about having durable value I can create neutrally after having survived a 10 year long ad career. I joke but....damn. Yea, I doubt you can measure up to that *gently lands the mic* So...value...durable...

Make it a good day!
