Field of View:

1. How to look in to the positive outlook of globalism

# Making things right (the last 10%)
1. Redefining the way we're measured towards what will never be but rather.....race towards 0

## The last 1%
1. What will remain as the always-on or the unknown unknowns


### The last .03%
1. As long as you're below this amount, you can do some blue sky thinking. Take in some fresh air


#### Heuristics

1. Generally, I like to think there's something magical about your existance being like a bit flip to my existance. Hold on; hear me out! In me doing something and you observing or reacting to it, you and I can try to coordinate our actions so that we have more of those meetups where I kinda hope you surprise me with some positive news and I'm like "one more thing..." too. So, I kinda have to expect that you consider, acknowledge, and "keep me in mind" during the times we're each working on ourselves for each other to experience better; from one other. We want our releationship to relinquish autonomy at liberty of the united state that we hope to later share. This is the beauty of this field and why all the small minute, and sometimes mine-alone too, actions collectively compound to us living cange(d). It does begin with how we think of ourselves, others, and how we deal with the reflection as we come face-to-face with the aha moments that create delight.
2. Remembering why we wanted change, what we changed, and how to take charge of how it change(s) us. You can observe and let the feelings and emotions you have pass as I once discovered from lots of reading and soul searching. Knowing isn't enough and nor is even making the decision. It's you who has to decide that it's okay to be uncomfortable with the uncertainty of the transformations and transitions that are vehicles for change to remain in transit; always transient
3. To remain excited & hopeful about the developing, accelerating, & rising economies revving the growth & prosperty engines of globalism, I find it imperative to declare the need for a truce to exist between us (today) and the future generation that's going to inherit the geopolitcal chess of tomorrow. Wealth isn't something that we used to see as a sinful or dark construct but as a well for the knowledge, unity, & and creativity that's in every pocket of the world. I want to champion for this change to find you in a new day, every opportunity taken, and chances shared so you may remain restless about the future reality you want to change into. In my native tounge, and my mom's favorite analogy, there's a word that describes the desire to unburden a gift into the world in fear, hope, & courage; a birth of a new. She's wished it for me to remain vigillant, faithful, & steadfast as I deliver on what I've been a courier for. So while it ma be hard to give your kids eggs to pass on this point, you can at least pick one thing and make sure you and yours don't want to waver on and make sure it works towards earning autonomy & sustainability in its life-long fulfilment. The market, world, & our understanding of it will only react to your hidden preferences that come into light under the pressure and tension of chang(ing)
