# Sunday May 16th, 2021

The mere presence of this folder and the absence of cheating myself out of Day 1 and Day 100 alignment is a reason to celebrate!

I threw this in before I walked in but here it is anyway; ya dig: "1"-Pager of abandoned aspirations to uplevel myself as a Product Manager and finally get promoted from the level i started at since 2016. I'm an advanced beginner. I don't know/ain't/bull shit. Say "what" again? Told you FB I don't * with you no more. Can't me the 2nd biggest hiring mistake if you screw my ability to ever be the youngest PM and have to now live under the shadow of this little sh*t who thinks he's somebody. But just in case you thought the rap was a joke; African business magnate continues to dominate while Joaquin digs this joke. Patents, VC, & Pam are all at In-Q-Tell so please stop assuming I'm trying to be James Bond or something. I was promised chores, homework, & an agent to make me their toy while kids unbox your life, moms & singles make marketers bend the knee, and flags on the silver hood play Civ V with Magnus, Messi, & everyone and their family/super-teams playing sports. Oh yeah, Palantir is public now so that's a vibe. Experience? Market. Oh? $1B in donation to the justice department from a hacker? Um, optimal stoping problem haters split and now one saved me from blackmail and the other stunned on you givers while Elon is still struggling to keep the photons in the dark; keep the $100M and buy one of these kids a Scenna or P1 so they don't feel so ashamed of God blesss free market, democracy, & asymmetry. Me? I'm not driving because I struggle to feel safe with the risk I pose to you. Both from a passion, forms of disability, & lack of maturity. So don't randomly play songs and be surprised when I tear up. For all of you who do get to and stunt whirl doing it: I appreciate you and will vegetate you by building self-autonomy, mobility, &  "the journey" into my countdown because you better believe I'm avoiding things I know are just "danger zone" seeking thrills that will risk my ability to come show up everyday for humanity for 33 more days. What's the destination for if the marshmallows is expired, worm turned out to make my tummy have buttteflies, and the apple has an enclave for all your shared "doctors hate him" secrets which makes the whole "scribble" iPad pencil feature kinda have sense. Ha! Just in case: mental/physical/spiritual health care for entrepreneurs is kinda high key important and I hope you can learn to appreciate why I don't think you should change at all to succeed. Just be yourself, aim for a life of no regrets, and don't take advantage of unconditional love that I expect you to one day be the heir of the onus it will burden you with. Be selfish for others and know that my life as an evangelist for God's forgiveness & Christ's love: I could have been anyone else too so please allow me to respectfully represent what makes me feel proud of my faith as a Child of God and a brother to all of you, my hard work, and my patience. When you get to where you want to be, I will pay attention; personally better off as a beneficiary of your work - impartially; and can decide for myself what I want to take and keep from you without feeling like I can get empowered without a clap back :P gg wp "1 more!"

Make it a good day; a day to rest; and a blessing for everything and everyone around you! 

# Dear Diary
I keep forgetting I'm an engineer and not inspiration. So here's the last link I'll share to help guide you towards education so I can go back to building the tools, mechanisms, & bridges to achieve my goal of earning your mom's trust to make education personalized; the first in history to be tax free other than religion and ....wait....what if there are teachers, history, & and organizations who have an interest in you being your own teacher....???? I want you to build a life that is free of struggle and leave you with my faith just as my parents wished for me and sacrificed so much now to both he alive to hopefully be proud by. But then of course I need to go back to my usual b.s. just in case any parent is trying to tell their kid to be more like me. Pls don't. Can't avoid just wanting to be like me if I don't build a like button. Like...."I didn't know we had a like"


# Total Adressable Market: New Hire Rotation

Welcome to 2021 for those of us that are not just horsing around on the internet while spending the day with the board getting paid! *brings back Bond villain bald head pic* Okay, yes yeah I got jokes yeah yeah don't care; was kinda just for the lady to enjoy - not for you to be wasting valuable work time enjoying. I had to pay my dues too; just kind of a 5/100 days kinda guy you know ;) haha! Anyway, yes back to my proposal yes.

Welcome to 2021, and it's still the same day and you now have less employees you can hire not just for this role but in your company and space all together.
I'm working on actively undermining you by increasing productivity of human's God given right to battle inertia in turn world as we individually pursue excellence, sustainable autonomy, & "work that is in service of..."
For me, I recently became the barer of fortunate and blessed resolution that came sooner than I ever imagined; the surprising attainable & sufficient price & sprouting of freedom, autonomy, and what can get closer to completion before our identity, faith, and environment is.

Jokingly I looked up Edison's lab and turns out it cost like $40k at the time which obv is worth more now in today's time (likely what startup incubators probably would imagine appropating if this dude could file 1092 patents. We only talk about pre-money valuation so let's make a safe bet and say that if it worked for him, it works for us. Obviously you don't want to be as hated as he is so spare some change for some spam call filters. Yo I got jokes on this guy. Doesn't even know I lived in the same town....oh *

Okay anyway, pricing and sprouting...We'll, I'm not going to insult anyone's frozen record by now so just remember your kids won't be able to say the marshmallow expired; didn't seem to match my efforts in preserving that prize's valuation as that ones offered to other kids who lost it to me; and also the carrot kept the doc away & let me run straight through 2020 vision. "Don't bet against me" is only if you're playing the game. "You in my house" - ?https://keeplearning.learncap.wpengine.com/
Okay, that's it. I'll get back to work now. I really needed this. Trust me. So bad. Now I'm good for 100 years at least until these kids even comes close. *smirkes in text* Quick find a root and prime...

Now in all seriousness: I freaked it for a Stanford experiment joke so now you have 1 less PM and I AM sorry to tell you you're just gonna have to channel this into the FM (idk...I'm trying too hard at this point)

So now you have 11 more people that can take over for you so you can get back to grilling someone else. 

1. You will have to pay more for the remaining 11 because scarcity & soon to come autonomy and symbiosis with your present self, sustainably
2. To replace me, it'll take X # of months/years (future prob smirking) and those kids need to be inspired with their own genuine curiosity, genetically induced dad-jokes & maternal love, and cautiously cooperative competitions (hopefully amongst themselves once they beat me. Same snapshot.)
3. **2** will have lots of other prizes along the way but the only one we all need to positively reinforce & celebrate is showing up everyday for the selves, their community, and eventually the world. Before that, knowning that they're welcome home as themselves is key. (Thank you mom & dad for being literal legends and willing to bet it on me and accept my home even after just recently coming to light with how much grace, village, & forgiveness I've been smoking these past forever. I hope your final and only wish of having my name be sweeter than honey comes true.) This was the true victory for me. Kids: thank you <3

So I would make a left behind joke here but I'm already pushing it and summer is on the way so please let's all wear slippers and stop making me feel weird about my soft hands. Omg. Stop. I had a double chin, tummy, & tics I had to grow out of using excercise, dignified tears, & lots of desires to see a sexier me in the mirror. Don't worry, I am working on being more comfortable sharing the true & super-totally-not-me-over-compensating-4-my-bs. Whatever your reason, I want to help you realize that it's no ones right to ask you to justify why it drives you. How you carry yourself is the behavioral economics, mechanism/systems design, & sociology/infomatics/HCI problems that led me here naturally.
I don't even get how you don't think I'm offended the 1/100 of me today that will see 100x better version of me tomorrow won't even appreciate how much I loved each part of the ;) Tomorrow is not the final destination, it's a nude so stop looking for a leaf and find the root file system directory. Do you see now why people hate me? It's not for the same reasons you think I swear. My Snap badge logo had "All In" when I was chasing the bottle caps for no reason but to afford 4 seasons a year of what ever the future Haas to offer :)

AFK!
