# Stream a link; host a watch-party on existing streams; and screen-share pre-recorded clips selected by stream host.

When I was working on TagMe, we used to have this concept of "many-to-one" and "one-to-many". Over the course of time, I think I picked up "few-to-many"
from something I read or watched - sorry, forgot - and I thought it might be useful here.

Alright so I wanted to share some more of the process behind my work because even when I'm not commiting, I consider everything I do to be in spirit of this effort.
After all, this is what I'm showing up for today. So...I realized that the barrier was actually just not wanting to show the ENTIRE thing. Like some sites that have course previews
of some parts - albeit just the start most of the time, or highest viewed - I thought it would be useful to offer value without diluting the value of secrets. Specifically, some of the parts
aren't things I'm allowed to reveal, could be personal trials, or could simply ditract from the actual experiment I'm doing (measuring 1 specific thing). Also, I would want you to see the value in
collaborating with me and being able to just observe or soak in the parts you feel you don't already know or feel distrustful taking at face value (it's okay, that's called independent choice)
But don't worry I'm not going to be a jerk and keep you staring at the same frame....(Crysis 3 on a toaster - slideshows) so it might be up for 4 minutes until I go to the next thing that I can then share.
Meanwhile, I think it could be cool to trust one moderator to pick and show highlights of commentary on the thing that's up which will be nested and deep-linked into the actual segment (kind of like SoundCloud comments).
In fact, I'm willing to bet that the sum of those indepent things could be value in its own. For comments on HN & Reddit about open source projects, I researched and observed lots of instances where
the mention of a process, question, or current event ends up being the comment with the longest thread and where a lot of the value comes from for people. Though those comments add no value to the
open source project - and some not even opening the link - at least it might be useful to cataloge that useful thread and allow easy deep-linking back to the project link so that attribution is there.
What's even better? It's free cross-promotion, Google-link link quality mapping (really good at filtering out bot traffic - which is really key!), and it could be a really cool way to help makers begin to not only
build an authentic, raw, and progressive relationship with the audience they are usually hoping the final artifact would reach on Product Hunt. Their process for making sure that there is human curation from tastemakers
actually works so well that some of those curators build rep and value and you will begin to see vertical platform value growth appear...I'm a fan and I think it would be cool to integrate and build on top of the network to show
that you have to trust, bet, and double-down on platforms that you believe you can best build a community so that the network and you benefit from the growth and leverage of what is likely going to be utility one day.
While saying that, I should also note that I like Childish Gambino's (Donald Glover) perspective on the death-clause that is required for you to transition and transform between and across disciplines.
For product managment, this means that the product should say "if this is still being used by this date, then ya'll need to stop hitting the snooze button!" In fact, I think this is only possible at scale if we allow the language
to also reflect that in-code. Oasis Labs has a language that forces you to think about data expiry. Ethereum obviously forces you to think about the execution cycles and buying power of the gas that can be more or less computed since it's
an independent execution that should only think about surge-pricing (as I learned from my Uber driver recently) to ensure that it's matching the network demand and supply (higher has limits = faster confirmation). For your benefit, I would
not think about time in your smart contract in human constructs. Rather, you'll need to use the block number that you imagine it could be at that time...though that's not a guarantee. At the same time, you'll need to account
for how you'll communicate this to the gateways, load balancers, and end-user loading affordances that will need to make sense of this (not to mention the broadcast services).
Much of the issues that plague the internet - relatively the same age as me - are the ones that i found as an adult after reading a Tweet: "the final break from childhood is the the switch from recieving unconditional love to giving it."

3 something years ago I met someone who has proved me wrong about how much love I was capable of and how much I wanted the world to better for her - no matter how we were. For this person, I told myself I would not mind the right guy being a father to my kids if I couldn't be around. This is a stage where you realize your friends are about to get married and have kids so I figured why not....might be surprised to know how fun baby showers are! Social distance is still in effect so I'll just assume thinking far out into the future is better. So I say 28-35 should be your most productive years. Jk....that's been the case for a while for us humans. I'm so excited for this new generation to maybe become the first to make 21-28 the most productive. Don't worry I'm jelly too but at least they'll be able to reach the parenting and marriage preparerd much sooner which means they'lll be able to be parents sooner - being able to responsibly prioritize and share the joy of parenting. Also, you will burn out at a lmuch younger age which is good because trust me: the wings start to require more flapping after a certain point and hackathons will definetly have a nap block...day. Also, start working out sooner. Ladies: tai chi is my recc. Bros: negative pull-downs. Will Smith: trains haha. Me: fencing (good for lunging and it's really cool how they score things. idk tho prob just go-karting. who knows!!)

Also, I needed to define what I WON'T DO today. Essentially, I've been blessed to learn about network effects, social marketing, and high-scale eng infra so I need to make sure that I don't abuse the secrets, tacit mentorship, and lessons that people had to sponsor my opportunity for. Which means, people had to lose and bridges had to be burnt and tears shed for me to be able to have learned these things.
Generally, it means I can help magnify, optimize efficacy, and grow from grassroots the hard problems that don't get to benefit from the market, capital, and distribution that common problems benfit from.
So reducing cost to reach a customer, to seed market supply/demand, and navigate the uncertainty with a pragmatic and proactive value alignment between market, policy, consumers, academia, and the principles that can be clear and actionable to those that represent the mission at every step.

So much of the faith and strategy for this effort is in winning together; growing the pie; and attempting to be among TK and Chesky in radically reducing the time it takes to establish trust. Idk tho don't start going to random people's homes and cars.....that's what i was taught so...just hope you figure out how to do D.A.R.E. now NJ. HA! Now how are you going to know there used to be "rat poison" that scared us off in our days. Also, the gateway part is true but only because you will never know what it's like to establish trust with the plug. You have it legal and controlled by the state now. So.....it's not gonna kill you but idk....please don't abuses Clear Eyes, we all know you're stoned. Otehrwise, be prepared to answer why people think you're in love with them. Keep an eye on it fam ;) You're welcome. Also, you don't want to smoke: you just want something your hands to hold as you talk. Idk...can we pass the ball around now? We used to have that to be able to speak in class back in the day. I got you tho: we can do it on one stream and you'll be able to pick out what we pass around. Please consider your choice...we used to be able to get away with our b.s. so be careful how you handle your drugs. Ask a friend to trip sit you so you don't get stoned or trip out and start posting music you'll only be able to pull off with some socks and slides. Maybe add tapereed off joggers. You're welcome.

If you care about your girl or your man, you want to make sure you can be around for them long in life without having to hide your habits. You may find that they may not know that the best parts of you are becaue you had to fail once and the worst part of you are new.

I made it my mission to try to remain authentic and a man-child as I progress and grow. This means that I'm comfortable talking about my childish side because I would like to be that founder that you can rely on to know that you just need someone who knows that it's hard to keep up appearences because you're needed to play a role for someone or for something. For some reason, I imagine not every doctor is 2x as healthy as you and I are. I'm sure you are all cousins with The Weekend and Kyrie so let me just be your Ned - you work on the 2020 survival guide. I learned from 2008 and found out they had 5% or so lower earnings over time when kids entered the work force. Figured I'd help make sure you remember that we got you! I can't imagine it's easy but I'm sorry - it sucks. The sooner you get on your feet, the sooner you can tell stories about coming to school on weekends for a test that Kevin Hart couldn't write his name right for. Pleae F5 his pain. Ayone else feel internet old"?? xD <3 Bye!

Just in case this got lost in your inbox,
Nope.avi
