# Thursday May 13th, 2021

Today has yet to be used to its fullest potential; it's new! Today is a the opportunity that knocks. Today is my one and only; jk, that is reserved for someone else and I can't take any chances without invalidating the first. Whew...getting real deep there homie. You good? "If God got us then we gonna be alright!"

A 100 Days might inspire the feelings you came with. That's a choice to feel; good or bad. That is a singular choice that deviaing from will rob us of what we're cheering you on to become. Even if it's hard, you have to trust that we will take care of you, yours, and your meaning in this world. Each day you're here is a day you get to make the world better for what matters to you. We all benefit from that and kinda makes sense why K-12 & retirement are the bedrocks of a modern western society. I am so delighted to feel the warmth and grace of your time here in invisble, transient, but tangible ways and means. Even if we won't get to meet or acknowledge each other...I just want to say thank you on behalf of us all. Make it a great day!

Cheers,
Abenezer Mamo

# Dear Diary

I got really into contractal law after falling in love w/ Valve's use of the word "onus" on their hiring page. While I'd normally stunt the offers I seek just to say "meh", I am proud to say that I didn't get to the "offer" stage. Ha ha ha.....Didn't even accept an interview I proposed but it's okay. They make more profit per employee than Google or Apple so you can imagine applying with your own made up role is hard. For games, you might even need to hire economists who then go on to work on economic stability for nations. You might have been the first to create and protect principles and frameworks that it's clear now shows why games are the most profitable entertainment space. It takes movie cut scenes, music, & rendering engines to produce GTA V - the highest earning title in entertaiment. Valve, meh; can't even count to 3 so I think their culture probably lacks some huddles. On the same note, Facebook & iPhone were built on the hardwork & creativity of games that taught people social, human computer interaction, & app ecosystems. It pays to be a gamer. Litearlly. Invest in Nvidia, AMD, Bitcoin, energy drinks, *ahem* video streaming & Dominos Pizza and I would suprprised if you left the house too. It's a good thig they're also the moderators, guardians, & commentors that shaped the 80s, 90s, & Valve time era. It's a good thing your boy is leveraging his game server hosting, gaming community, & eSports (amature) childhood to never ever grow up. Well played. Who knows, might grow up to make the world malluable, tactile, & "currency of fun." Mom, I can't just pause this League match. Totally don't have 1k hours in TF2...
