# Friday June 4th, 2021

I think I owe you one Lyft & driver! Uber Everywhere but I still never got an onsite...

Some days feel like the world revolves around yoo and when you're also funding the same tools everyone uses...you're reminded that yes...a multi sided marketplace will always need to survive on the grave, jokes, & genuine kindness. I try to tax myself on time, somewhere else, & sole vices here and there but never futher. It's been an emotional year and I meeded to take time off to not * on the world; knowing how impactful and respected critique, nudge, & FYI would be in my world where not having my team stand up for you would be my biggest fear. 12 frames a hook and i still can't react to not having had the Zuck bucks (K Dot got big ears for the perfection)  Okay, don't worry not rhat kind of day but one that has tested how confident I am your kids will admre me for isisting on not having also had the: "have you seen this...." I need moms on my side if my grand plot to personalize education as my primary life target. Today, back to giving credit where credit is due: God is good! Good night from me and good moringing to others. Come morning, I'd like to explore with you a new class of ventures in the shadow plotting with credit beauereu to not land in prison trying to make rhe 1st (of i know) credit reporting service that aims to build social, lomg-term skin in the game, & civic capital ONLY reporting exceptional cases that could help 21-28 year olds the opportuniy to be early wave of high leverage, high potency, & self-initativea cycle ahead and upto 7 years after the most productive yeass of human kind.

1. Hahahahahaha funny. Yeah if I'm saying this it's b/c I called one today and yep, like how ads taught me, scruitny, license, underwriting, & the mobile gyro nimbal target to report good and ba
2. With no loss or gain felt to report, I imagine the only goal is to be 10x better than the nect best at not only predicting & supporting aspiring excellence; but also sponsor the autonomy & liberty with aligned incentives that reward preservation of natural curiosity served by a push:pull model driven by the student but upleveled in ceiling mapping by coaches
3. So......venture calital & talent match agencies? No, not exactly. Market will treat you the same and certainly the mere entry is actively left to no seld-dealing by industry volumteers so you earn mutual respect & can one day grow up to inspire them and the entire game.
4. What retirement? I mean i max my 401k match and ESPP first befofe i think about how the climb will change me. Since i didn't plan on taking time off to relax beyond after Day 100...I wanted to live to have you enjoy it too with dognified empowerment in one more trick up my sleeve...: *drum roll*
5. "Whatever I am not using within X time period; while still being able to appropriate it for myself if need be; but always commited within reason, means, & liberty to those near amd far." That's your story to tell and am election's celebratiom to let the realities of a sign of relief mow afforded to those of us that can so they (yep, 100% adamant about that) can help find politicians better recruit leaders and a world class win for the things they campign and instituionalize for all of us to feel.

Like I said, my world doesn't allow for anything but howver much monopoly hearings I can get. I am ready for Christians to exile me and an entire race to think I would use the privilages earned as a capable stoner. I can just understand a bit better why but won't state it so you don't think for a second that I wouldn't be heart broken if you lost it like that. The things i do rant and I comically ease towards my own mastery can also expect to respect your future and your own; a lot more than the rebuke for not leaning into.....doing more of...."come check.." you. Out!

OMG i will legit crap myself in shame if this is what lost it for me by succeeding too well. This is the RESPONSE to me having made it and now sharing God's grave & kindness with you. I don't aim to self dealing on the riligon, network, & rigid yet intentional ways of being
That I am willing to have unweaverimg accountability & the good standing of me never joininga side to undermind you. Steve Jobs amd many others, and with one day to aim towards in being amongst in championing for poower law trust outcomes, privacy, & responsible product design. I do mean the complements i say but hope u too can earn the fear to critque your heroes. All a joke til you gotta hire the next next most...haha! Ooh don't start me on the brain crap. Don't look at me, look at your partner and future kid; not a rush nowha? Some earn value capture delicately and the other has venture with defense clntracts. Unless WE quit for a year and know the ris of lost autonomy, I call dibs on being first to just learning and making it clear which young person could even eant to open that box. You go so it with style. I lost all my points on th
