# Tuesday June 8th, 2021

Bigotry will not have a place in this world. Those who believe it does will be reminded that the last 10 days mean little to nothing compared to the duty, honor, and privilage in putting you in your place. Liberty is defended by those who see its kindle warmth to be a shelter for the freedoms we seek. God is good. I have all that the world can offer and seek not much more than to appreciate all that you'll do as we all cheer you on your journey there. Make it a great day!

# Dear Diary

When politicians look to lower their cost per acquisition, reach & frequency efficency, or game the 2nd price auctions...we simply remind them the importance of neutral civic involvement. If you operate an internet service globally and are burdened with delicate geopolitics, it helps to lean on your officials. When decisions have no precedence, binary outcome, & don't have a win/loss definition, it helps to lean on God for guidance, grace, & the stomach to stand up to the largest of history figures. Thanks Steve; means so much to me that it cost you something only a few will understand.

Make it a good day!

# Dear Opinion; yes, yours

So...look what we have here. Celebrating a centry or so of meth salted (not hashed) to help the restless feelings settle somewhere; like - one place, tiny digs at a time, & cumulatively now Bob the Builder's new mentee. Okay, i think Wayne said his attention pays him now and I'm pretty sure you don't wanna know what it means to not want to catch up on my life after officially diagnosed after taking off in a PM job and ending up at corporate America having only officially dignosed...yep 1-2 years ago. Man....does it make you want to *sigh*. Good news: the next Adderall is not a drug. No, not the mentos you pop...the one that takes 20-30 years off my life and limits my risk tolerance in sports. Main point: yes, there are things that only make sense to those that it does and everyone else is....on your own accord to figure out. My life changed from the simple conversations to how i view confidence and heart health overall. Mental health is as much to do with the physical as it now will for digital.

The digital social tools, financial frameworks, & human computer interaction challenges, coping mechanisms, & behavioral patterns have been the thematic focus in my careear so far (looking backwards of course. God is good -- and I'm lucky to have been it; and it could have just as easily been anyone else. The point here is that a technical founder with skills in difficult conversations across orgs, generations, & social dynamics is likely most needed to work on this challenge. I could make the same argument for other things obviously but this one is a problem where I feel most needed -- right now.

This is much less a cover letter as mich as it a call to arms for product designers, data engineers, user researchers, & academia to form localized teams to begin to tackle these issues with policy & market simply reacting to output and preference settings that could allow them to not get too ahead of the neuro & physio-psych"-logy in hybrid experiences driven by real world interactions. This is a set of problems that would keep anyone up at night but seems to be brushed under those insecurities we have about "the future" that seem rather too morbid, anxiety indusing, and Fear-Uncertainty-Doubt provoking. We still have to solve the problem; so all we're doing is just delaying the onset splash of ice water. In fact, our hesitation only fuels the sunk cost that will seem evermore unsurmountable individually. We forget that we once used to relate to these realities that once seemed like an "us" problem.

No step functions and no lockstep. This is how we work, play, and trash talk about learning the same lessons in each with each other. There is no venture or ideation jam group committee to take this on. It has to be from a place of need, not want. When we all decide it's time, this would have felt too sentimental. When we want to confront the problem and not the time elapsed since the last mental headache about it, then we can put our heads together that involves no head clashing. No egos will outsize our deepest fears and no child will wish they'd complained instead of having asked for something when they look back. That's all I've got for now but i hope to leave you with a reminder that I play to win. Ed-tech is always profitable from the onset. *shrug*

Meh. Fork. 
