# Education as a Service

If you've ever spent time comparing X to buy Y because all your care about is Z, then you might have heard a thing or two about being an expert at XYZ but can't imagine why X, Y, or Z could let you "look at the individual componenents to then figurer out how to remove each one to see change; even without adding one" - someone in hardware whose ego is a literal giant metal out of this world (MC's hammer).

Imagine digging so many tunnels you forget the entire time you spent designing those Model S cars with solar panel on top....*shakes head*...on that note...ever wondered why research, academia, & the lab can generate only a fraction of the yield and results that get productionized? There's a whole lot of work that gets done in academia without the anxiety required to turn it in before it gets the spotlight it earns to the right audience. I wonder if one of you routing, allocation, or telemetry/instrumentation folks can apply the already existing, low-hanging fruit, & in-production heuristics to help bridge your research interests to students, professors, & outomes counselor teams from say...school you went to or one that your future intern might be attending?

10,000 Days are long enough to prepare you for the 28-35 year stage of your life but I imagine you might want to one day advance to seeing if you can do it in 3 days. Stop trying to force patterns....you might accidently freak a 3rd price auction by declaring that "facilitating a mill a day" with contiguous data might not be safe in an age where social distancing might be relevant. So I say, leave a space in the middle for padding, buffer, or "space & time". Sheeshhhhh I was going to say....might * around and create a multi-trillion USD opportunity that might protect downside. Now you try: 3th price auction to create upside - go!

It's alright - I think God already priced in the 1,000x into "good job kid". See, I could have said 10,000 to my left and 10,000 to my right but that's just being silly and cliche....This one is on me!
