# March 13th, 2021

## Start
1. Building the minimum viable tooling required for us to work towards compounding & distributed efficacy. Right now, the dire need is in being able to develop the just-in-time research compilations from data pipelines intended to make early seed bets on keeping a revision record on data sources whose temporal & transient nature would nurture compounding power law effects.
2. Keep it sexy. JaSON likes all his ladies prettified - interoperable, atomically fungible, & with standards. For the information dumpster-fire that we humans love to, there has to exist some CRON job to prune & triage in a cadence where non-stale data is good enough; criteria that defines a global loss/gain function (selection or quality monitoring) activated by predefined data types that optimize for standardization across data sources and formats.
3. Data pipelines & barebones analytics to ensure time-sensitive records like retention & holdback cohorts.

TL;DR: Lay the tracks while running at full-steam. *Thomas eye roll*

## Start
1. Enough structure for a playground. Enough proactive engineering to have "crawl-mode"-type scripts, automations, & conditional decision criteria so we can ensure that our team doesn't succumb to the temptations of the Siren ;)

## Stop
Counter-factual thinking that will become a barrier to ship if I have to stop to think about what I'm doing. I gotta be Mr. Right Now for this to work.


# PROGRESS-LOG
1. Research - how we work together
2. Planning - routines that can make intentions, preferences, & expectations upfront for the growing culture, team, & the squeeze
3. AHA - GIT-PAID: Why if OSS could profitable, cooperative, and conducive of market clearing mechanisms that are iterations of match-making schemes with aspirations of actually not sleeping on the most potent social network on the internet. DEVELOPERS.
