# Sunday March 28th, 2021

Today is a new day; an opportunity; and a day for me to take some rest and figure out where my heart is. I'd like to have my right hand to the plough and not look back. It's really stressful for me to think about dreaming more cautiously so I don't cause more mess while trying to do good. If it works, I won't really know. 

I would like to get my own thoughts on "paper" before I dive into other research so here's a laundry list of things on my mind. Some of them are useful for near term. Others are just here to publically document where I'm sampling from. Though right now my main focus is on learning CSV from the ground up. I'm hoping it finally lets me get the PM stamp of approval. I made it y'all!!!! Spreadsheets galoreee! 

- Agent modeling
    - Content virality
  - Giving mind maps maps to content creators 
    - Growth mechanism
- What is an actual node for a search or wiki knowledge graph
    - Activity based?
- Spreadsheets
    - Series based calendar
- Time stamps
- Event lifecycle for JS react and async
   - Promises and callbacks
- Atomic unit of a DAO for governance improvements. Specifically having consistent participation kind of like Dai.
- Making the projects profitable through the git-paid hypothesis 
    - Fiverr being able to convert on consistency and reputation
- Spotify end of the year content marketing
- Time decay or inverse based growth mechanisms
    - Coinbase value look back from email $1 they send you free
- Uber and Andrew Chen’s marketing and growth resources
- Atlantic article
    - Moving pictures 
    - Value from collectibles
    - Proving authenticity seems easier with chemistry leaving a trace behind in photography.
    - Would love to figure out how I can think more about the digital equivilance outside of ERC-21. 
