# Wednesday April 14th, 2021

Today is a new day; an opportunity; and a chance of a lifetime.

I like the momentum from yesterday but worry that I'm allocating a ton of time into one thing. Because I'm already so far ahead, might as well extend the goal to having something usable by Friday EoD (really going to flex how end of the day it is haha).
Today's likely some more infra work but client work isn't forgotten.


### Planning out the day

1. What do I need to get to advanced beginner stage for in understanding to be able to acomplish a task but not take on further more in scope or in mastery?
2. How might a primitive goal for the scope of the deliverables for today help in eliminating time-sink in self-indulging knowledge seeking that could otherwise just be replaced by off the shelf solutions?
3. How might outlining what I expect to have computed or analyzed for tomorrow help define the requirements for the infrastructure i'm planting now but expect to water when the actual services hit production end of day?
4. How might the cascading action-items from the deliverable I expect from tomorrow highlight the prerequisites to effecting the changes in hopes of eliminating surprises that delay Friday's Noon launch (PST)?
5. What should I have already known to be able to have produced the same insightful proactiveness in an alternate universe where I hadn't inquired the inversed clues?
6. What interests do I already have that would help me naturally find something to latch on to? Who it's impacting, the craft in its production, and how it's delivered end-to-end that I can draw inspiration, pallate, & a dictionary (for the study and commercalization) from.
7. What should I explicitly confront as paths / perspectives / and influence that I maybe would like to avoid so that I can confidently explore playfully to not induce optimal-stopping-problem for how i do something? (Erring on the side of not thinking and working at the same time)
8. What kind of landmarks should I be staking if I find that I'm on an "alternate path" without being dissuaded by imposter syndrome and also not emboldended by the naive and juivinile bar I get to set if I choose to be a trailblazer?
9. If I was a kid from the future seeing this, what would I imagine being beyond novel or remarkable that I could actually internalize as a performance & social interpretation mindset? You can't deny the mindset that former President Trump/Elon and Jordan/Mamba have in defying doubters and just being unrelenting to public critisim that only grew their influence as cultural icons in their respective worlds. I'm comfortable taking the best from others and leaving the rest as just their own. I hope you can too.

### Work Notes
1. Need to setup a good data store for events that I host
2. I'm feeling conflicted about starting with managed services and trying to later decompose (likely my stack will be outlived)
3. While it's early in the day, I would normally devote time to writing or planning so that I'm not exhausted of the stillness required between each "aha" moment. I'm going to commit time to running the whole thing locally for as long as I can get away today with not touching client code. Maybe treat a git repo or file as an event log?


### Afternoon's goal
While there's still a log server that needs to be up and running today, I think it would help reduce scope and actually offer novel solutions if I deliberately understood how much context we can allow each developer to send throughout the day. I'll model off of my own style of learning, collaborating, & connecting those two. So, X-Callback-URLs will be a focus for me today.
