# Thursday April 15th, 2021

Today is a new day; an opportunity; and the present that I need to first unwrap for myself to understand what my community & the world expect of me when I grow up.



# Log & Scratch-pad

Today I find myself in contention with who I am still unable to grow into. I worry that this new day doesn't really feel all that new. There were still enviroment & self heuristics that worry me as complacency. So I'm going to attempt to define a new framework to give me further confidence that I'm working on the one thing each day that I am most needed on. By who? Let's define that...


## When will I be ready to recieve this change?
Comically, we say "when moon sir" in the crypto community but I think "are we there yet" is a much better question for this effort.

When will you be ready? When you're not too busy getting in your own way...

### 17
According to the US historical data, you should probably be good for a while if you make sure to avoid high risk activity that could start building a record of anti-patterns.


### 26
Surprise: you now owe for not having had health coverage this year but also...doctor says your brain is developed enough to have known better, yourself, and what you're trending towards.


### 35
History is on right now and it's sounding like a broken record. Turns out, humans expect me and you to be at our peak of productivity - having spent the past 7 years figuring out "post-college". You're likely burned out, wiser, and if you had some good "Tunnel Vision", your wallet should be "obese". You've also probably had these past two quotes go over your head. It's okay, I want to make sure you can easily transition into another carreer, parenthood, and still lively in physical and spiritual health.


## What superpowers do I imagine everyday heroes can be willing to wear a cape to use?

### Parents
Parenthood should be a stage of life that shouldn't come at the cost of the vigor in your career, hypervigillance about upleveling parenting, and the quintensential shared memories you want to make time for. So, I'll work on tools to give you back by designing tools and services that roadmap independance and self-initative into whatever you and your kid are into these days. It'll assume you will be adamant about consistent usage to maximize for the behavioral & habitual change you'll champion face-to-face.

What could this look like:
1. Cultivating natural curiosity into independent deliberate practice that should produce fridge additions
2. Equip you with continous privacy preserving journals that allow you to catalog periodic occasions to celebrate as collages
3. Make it easier to have difficult conversations on topics anyone but their equals can navigate gracefully

### Couples
Being selfish for your partner means the desire to have your partner experience your upleveled self from individual develoment and growth. While you're working on yourself in excitment, you should grow comfortable that you've frontloaded the affordances that can help your partner leverage the space and time to grow independently, diversify mentorship, and to protect their individuality admist your romance. When you're finally together, you should be bringing the insights, momentos, and inside-jokes to an evergrowing album you make for each other. These are called love maps and they're what you would leverage in the hardship with a relationship counsler.

1. Love maps
2. Safety tools for your peace of mind
3. Intimate activities & games to play with your partner for casually staying in touch as you stare at the clock

### New Grads
You have tried it all and you're not looking for anything that's not going to make your effort feel worthwhile and substansive in your job search or preperation towards.

1. Show & tell on a git hosted personal site that aggregates your professional influences, contributions, & commentary
2. Peer-interview-prep
3. Resume and cover-letter critique from industry experienced mentors or constructively subjective kind strangers


### Teacher
The best teacher is your teacher's teacher. Students should be learning how to teach. Teachers should be building the stage and screenplay to support the scenes that students can independently reherse at their own pace - however dramatic their delivery and lines.

1. Elicit feedback that's actionable; all while earning student trust to be more vulnerable & proactive without fear or hesitation

### City
TBD

### Silent Voices
TBD

## Git-PAID
Choosing to use Redis instead of RabbitMQ so that I can have both a queue and a data store all in one
