# Sunday April 18th, 2021

Today is a brand new day.
Today is my opportunity.
Today is definitely Sunday...

Cheers!

# LOG
+ Showed up
+ Setup documentation for today

# DACIN

## Git-Paid

### Context::
- [] https://simson.net/clips/academic/2003.DGO.GarfinkelCrypto.pdf It has good commentary on evaluating heuristics and tradeoffs for core computer standards and protocols
- [] http://moldmanager.de/downloads/Books/User_Interface_Design_For_Programmers.pdf This has really hillarious and thought provoking evaluations and critiques of design choices, UX patterns, and information hieararcy styles that could help me engineer with deliberation and intention so that my novice lens can be an opportunity to maybe propose "Alternate Paths" from context-bridging
- [] https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/1945/07/as-we-may-think/303881/ I'm currently on section 3 and learned that the "carriage" in \t \n was derivated from the way you'd slide right into the next line on a type writter. Cap table open for my typewriter Twitter client; not for sale!!! On a more serious note: this article has so much value & importance to my work here that it'd be a shame if I wasn't a good student of history when this 1945 article would be dissapointed at what we failed to apply. Really, my takeaway so far is that we have an abundance of existing research & findings that we don't adquately apply to make use of the value or create continuity for those who cared enough to contribute to them.
- [] https://www.amazon.com/Sync-Steven-Strogatz-audiobook/dp/B004KP8TMM "SYNC" is a book I read a few chapters of years ago that I am rereading again. Concepts like "oscillators" have helped me contribute applications for them in mindmaps in "Bricolage" hypothesis. I think this book will be able to shape a really scientific and academic lens to my work (sorry ya'll, import scikit-learn isn't it <3). Lots of math, bio, neurology, & sociology concepts, references, & metaphors make this book really worth slowly reading. Would like to finish this before day 50.
- [] https://www.amazon.com/Thank-You-Being-Late-Accelerations/dp/0374273537 "Thank you for being late" is another book I read maybe 1/3 of the way through a few years back and it helped me be a little more calm because it helped me see how slow technology revolutions are. I would really like to finish it before day 80.
- https://play.google.com/store/audiobooks/details/A_Promised_Land?id=AQAAAECcogjihM&hl=en_US&gl=US While I'm not one for Barack jokes since I've already exhausted all the Barry ones when I had the affro game going but I figured if he's reading it, might as well give it a listen on 1x. I'm about 1/4 of the way through. Mainly reading it so I can learn how he managed to build relationships recruiting people, inspiring them to be willing to go through background check, and how to give praise and critisim of powerful people without pissing them off haha. Not that I need to say this but just because: I'm chasing the Presidents that aren't alive and contact trace it back to the bill. So don't worry, I don't need a picture.
- https://www.audible.com/pd/Antifragile-Audiobook/B009PRJ6BS I'm maybe 1/5 of the way through but iatrogenics is an interesting concept to me and I'd like to apply it to Social mechanisms that guide design & principles. I hope to have this done by day 80. Also, black swans - duh!
- https://www.amazon.com/Sprint-Solve-Problems-Test-Ideas/dp/0593076117 Design Sprint methodology  is obviously going to be used a lot in Git-Lab and the collaboration models throughout this project. If I forget to give credit for a process or a method in collab, it will likely be from this because of how long we've used it at work. I'll have this read by day 50 as reference so that I have all the parts I want to copy directly highlighted and annotated already. Lot of the language, setup, & examples have been intentionaly iterated by VCs, EPDR, Marketers, Sales, & entrepreneurs who have run sprints to ideate, prototype, & do explorations.

## Lab
### Next::
- [] Whenever possible, I'll try to have a central repository of citations so I'm not having to do it in-line all the time. I sample A LOT of things to not just create a pallate for my own taste but also to keep finding a higher bar. Also, there are a lot of jokes and people are so damn rude and offensive when they empower you with information; done in clever, discrete, and bitter-rofl clap-backs. One time this year, I asked myself what I'm supposed to do now that I have all these leadership skills with nobody to lead; regretfully asking if my own life could be worth a shot - comical tragedy by my own words. 

## Day 50

## Day 80

## Day 100

### Context
Drivers::
Applications::
Context::
Information::
Next::



Learned about DACIN at Twitter but wanted to make my own version with a twist. The sections above are more or less for me to be able to scrape for logging & documentation. They will also serve as TL;DR for your pleasure. "I got something saying to say!" :)


# DIARY
I fell asleep so I woke up with a different attitude: we are actually taking an intentional break today. I'll catch up on whatever is currently in idle mode and spend the day sampling inspirations for how Git-Paid will grow the middle class both in the US and in


#### Project Checkin
Thinking about growing Git-Paid and solidfying the foundations for the lab to have tools and services that can be useful and reusable for the next 60 days.

- While it may not make sense to be spending valuable time on things that others are probably better fit and capable to do, I think deliberately building from scratch & with quality allows me to hopefully, maybe by day 80 become a data, dev ops, & full-stack web engineer that can spend the next 20 days applying technical leverage to the problems that feel the most unsettling and therefore being strong motivators.
- While my ability to help build shared context is valuable, per my Product Managment experience, I think leaning in on my Growth & Sales expertise would allow me to supercharge & seed existing efforts and initatives with marketing efficiency & deep integrations with API's & data oracles that can increase top of the funnel traffic that will yield the highest outcome in "Activation" (https://discover.mixpanel.com/rs/461-OYV-624/images/Guidetoproductmetrics-Mixpanel.pdf)

#### Git-Paid
We want to design Git-Paid to function for markets that start their day when we end ours.

India (being just 12 hours ahead) would make an obvious case but I think there's already enough market strength in building economic bridges that can help extend the democratic diplomacy between global markets and ease political tensions where they can and unlock new opportunities to reduce the barrier of high/low context with earned trust & respect.
That beng the case, I thought Taiwan would make for a great pick since it also fits the criteria because 5 PM in Silicon Valley would be 9 AM in Taiwan. Given the importance of the semiconductor supply chain & expertise, I find it imperative to expose their crappiest secret: they create the lowest garbage out of any country in the world!!!!! (https://www.smithsonianmag.com/innovation/how-taiwan-has-achieved-one-highest-recycling-rates-world-180971150/)



#### Check-in on how I'm thinking about the next 41 days
(Day 80, in 41 days, is when highest leverage is; Day 90 is optional reset day)

So, while there are a LOT of ideas and bets that I would like to chase in the interest of Day 1 me and Day 100 us, I want to lean in and double-down on my existing strengths, confidence, & experience to help bring you & the initatives you care about to market, with high customer satisfaction, & shortest time to capturing yield. I owe my maturity & belonging to the developer community that allowed me to remain myself, independent, & authentic in leadership execution & organization. For the products, teams, & problems that mean something to me, I was able to grow into someone I couldnt imagine otherwwise being able to be on my own.

Working on social networks & online communities creates immense leverage in creating efficient markets & highly scalable end-user technologies. I'm hoping this effort becomes a way for me to start building my own & unique principles & ways of operating that is founded upon where my time goes, what I embolden, and what I'm willing to look really silly and deeply sentimanal for. Onwards...   


#### What would failure look like? (Next 41 Days)
1. If by day 50, I haven't yet found a lead for the go-to-market strategy & execution so that I can focus on engineering.
2. If I accept $, personal favors, or prizes for anything. I truly do believe that the most value could be on Day 100 so showing up everyday until then is the only way to actually know what that's like. There is no day 101. I have my own life to live after that and will likely be taking a break from tech
3. Being afraid to go through emotions on both ends in order to progress, transition, and iterate throughout the next 41 days


#### What would failure look like? (Next 9 days)
1. Picking another hypothesis other than Git-Lab to build out the lab
2. Designing the lab for private use. While the outcomes are under my discretion, I would like the mindsets, vision, and attitudes to outlast this initative. The lab should, for the 100 days, be open to public exhibition, participation, & contribution. As to not stress myself out too much, I will limit the visibility & accessibility of the endpoints and configuration parameters so I can spend more time building consumable endpoints & data oracles or external facing functions with secret formulas that are more about creating upside than protecting downside.
3. Not parallellizing the delegation of the operations & communications so I can free up bandwith, energy, & "flow" by being able to be in builder mode all day. Again, Day 80 me should be a Full Stack Data & Web Engineer with a niche focus on tooling, libraries, & design choices that allow me to amplify the other skills, context, & experience I have that can make the process, negotiation, & value alignment much faster, exceptional, and - at times - provisional. I won't be afraid to use my resources & drive to maximize the efficacy of my workflow so I can more work with more consistency with less anti-pattern spikes, deer headlights, and diva moments in the README files. I make things so let's get back to that. 
