# Wednesday April 21st, 2021

Today is a new day. In fact, the onus is on me to MAKE it into an opportunity and not a circumstance. A chance for me to see that I'll never be here again; and not with the same people; and not in the same mindset or age. So while I can: https://soundcloud.com/abenezermamo/how-to-survive-change I say how not why. Not even I am willling to let this feel-good crap ruin my rep. Let's get back to this Lab...

### Thoughts
1. Need to learn how Docker works and run it on server
2. Will need to make sure that anyone can host the services I build after Day 100
3. I need to make sure that data is isolated and doesn't stop me from working with multiple orgs that have to worry about risk and liability if they connect data points (fin tech on personal data; alchohol on age ranges; and policy makers that require me to be on site to even have a code compile)
4. I work on the internal services that can assume that I won't be rateliming myself bc I will batch the requests and aim for 90%+ capacity fill-rates for memory on server. This is a memory based data store. Nginx will also be used to handle some caching on the server side.
5. Client side cache will be dealt with by the SocketIO sockets that will allow broadcasts and event hooks with time consistency guarantees (Redis based)

If this is done right, it will help me feel more confident in maximizing my engineering time in leu of my marketing & storytelling experience being applied linearly; I write code that turns my tacit skills into functions you can call. Now that's market efficiency. Hold my fizzy water from the mid west...

Also, these remaining 58 days are my last in this industry and field. I'd like to enjoy seeking excellence so that I can be a noob again in something else later. I would like to figure out how to get other fields to be comfortable coming into this one. I don't trust my friends to know what Ethiopians or West Orange kids will need to feel like they can bring their full self. For everyone else, I take my early lead and advantage to make sure I can cheer you on and compete against you sometimes in good spirit. It's important to stop feeling like you're making up for things or that you're still in moral debt in need of easing. Sometimes, you just drop a Soundcloud link and move on. Giving from a place of abundance makes you feel really different. Sometimes, scarcity is a fear and sometimes indulgence is too. Inertia "need not applyst " :) ()
