# Friday April 23rd, 2021

Today is a new day; an opportunity; and an asertion of the chances we'll never get again; not with the same people; and certainly not as the same people.

As the common advice goes for decisions, it's best to optimize for decisions for which you're not detered to make because of its immutability. These are generally
regarded as decisions for which walking through them is akin to the one in your room - not a parachute jump. Unless you're Batman...For the kids who aspire to be so,
it's likely in their best interest to be able to switch identities so they can still be eligible for the cape and mask that will make them their own superhero.

"Every super hero needs his theme music" so make sure that you continue playing those songs on that streaming app. Sometimes, I understand if you would be detered to play some songs
or even need to switch into another app so that it doesn't influence your recommendations, playlists, and radio too. So that means you or a future superhero should have the ability
to be able to leverage, optimize, and upload to and on your favorite sites and apps without feeling like it'll undermine not just your music taste, but also the learning, working, and living in the
evermore digital and connected world. This requires you and I to build empathy and pick the fights that are worth it so that consumer privacy and network effects can begin to inversely
contract and multiply respectively as time builds and helps accrue more value for each. Tangibly, that might be policy and industry conversations with a little bit of "Parks and Rec." Out!

---------------------------------------------

Today, learning about Docker and containers. That's about it...
