# Saturday April 24th, 2021

So today is Saturday so I wanted to just start the day while I'm on a hot streak of topics that will win me more friends.....I actually found it inspirational that Trump & Neumann both trusted family and made sure to not only open doors but ensure that they had people they could personally trust with secrets that might be hard to depend on others for. Now, you'll only know why that's important if you have researched inventors, authors, & speech writers who have all had to ensure that what you can pass on you do but what you don't can sometimes stay that way or someone can fill in the blanks. Seriously thank you to a girl who wrote this article recently about her parent's relationship and how they used to work with each other. A kind stranger I met once helped me recognize that there are parents whose desire to remain independent togeher can help you aspire higher for the best you want to be for your partner. As having seen recently with Bezos and Mackenzie, you will see that marriages and reltionships are a bedrock to the early culture and foundation of what Amazon is today.  (if i write like i know thise people; i dont and remain just a student). I have been seeking some life-work balance and these people have put a preimum on that and it shows. i want that for me too :) And oh, keeping the same friends so you have consistent voices that can remind you when you've ventured too far into your growth. For everyone in the world, you want to be somebody in your hometown....and that is filled with people with people who know you wayy before you were somebody. I'm so excited to see what my classmates are doing thees days. Mainly, that is who will tell ou when you're just you need a snickers. Don't worr, I worked in marketing so I can't do brand deals. But free t-shirt/?? Umm...YES!!!! Can't get a check but pleae pass on the cancel button. "Chill......" Today's a new day. An opportunity. A chance to see how long it takes me to wakeup and say "Thank God that ws just a dream!!!!!" We don't &NBSP as we-tip toe this 23 comlex. "I don't see the defender." *rip* Don't worry I'm not quaified for any league but the one for Legends in paradise :) Let's start building....I got to compile my focus. Brb.

Also, I want to have fun and enjoy this. I know it's the strategicaly dominant strategy. This is a lifestyle. Commas missing like MIA so tell me the ETA on the release date. jk...but I can't help but find comedic relief. This is a Skunk work lab but so let me show you how this Dream Works before I get in my feelings. Say my files are numbered....Good night! 
