# Monday April 26th, 2021

Today is a new day; today is an opportunity that I am showing up for; today is my chance to make reality, true, and tangible what I could, should, and would have had I known better, had the chance, and had the time to. So let me tell you how impressed I am that that I've done so much already given how last minute things used to be. But beyond that, it's nice to really enjoy my own uncomfort with being a noob again. I think I'm better, and I'm too old for this, and certainly I'm too good for this %2#$. Just glad I'm not doing this incrementally, in public, and not without a mask. xD

Not gonna lie, I totally thought the last journal entry was in the AM. To be honest, I'm not even mad tho...The PM shift was always in the PM. AM shift is for the assistant manager position. Let's get back to building a customer value map from all touch points before my doctor thinks I have multiple personality disorder. Doc, I'm trying to put myself in the shoes of the customers........Ok, now back to work. *sigh* I'm out!
--------


In thinking about the leading indicators, drivers, & inputs to 1,000x global GDP - please, keep a straight face - you need to just stop getting in your own way. I imagine that might be hard for all of us to do if the time we're in is black-swan magnitude and there's a lot that has changed for us that it's probably best for us to make sure we can "label" the emotions/feelings that we're going through as opposed to trying to control/reject/fear them. This also applies to thoughts but thoughts, feelings, and emotions are kind of hard to find attribution across. I don't have answers for the problems that I'm not only not aware of but likely am not there to band with you to work towards. So, as opposed to offering probem solving methods and recommendations, I thought it would be wise to spend today to day 80 helping articulate how I go about doing more than showing up. As I keep my focus and attention on one goal, I try to remain observant about certain things by walking around, chatting to people, or just contemplating about how my younger self would havefelt about this. For our future selves, for the consumers of our polished and edited work, and for those whom we hold assymetric information advantage over, it might be nice to be able to document, forecast, and send to the "just-kidding" trash pile by default so we can feel vulnerable, brutally honest, and grow confident & empowered by our unique; worthwhile and of merit; and actionable perspectives and insight.

Tomorrow, we solve runons.
