# Thursday April 29th, 2021

https://twitter.com/mamo_abenezer/
Today is Day 50 and it's hackday. Thought stream on Twitter today. GitPAID social feed Twitch LIVE tomorrow. Soundcloud for whatever I spit while my head is in the clouds sounding like a clown. Graduation 50% through. Woot! So yeah, "where do I even start?" - 21's Garage ft. Right Now & Why Wait

Next PR day will be day 80, 90, 99, & 100.....The rest of the days are for the PRs I have to merge & acquire the skills for. I would like to get away being async, headless, & feel fast. Chromium in this safari man....paradise for a G like me. So yeah...Today about importing and configurating the MultiPlayer Server for GitPAID!

Deliverable Artifact: TF2 server with payload, CTF, and CP rotations. Basically, it's almost like I'm spending the entire day blowing off my goals and objectives playing TF2. So please see this as public evidence that I'm digging deep into open source and documentation for all things Valve, Steam, & Source. It actually has every concept, context, and fun end-to-end implementation for pub/sub, marketplace evosystem lifecycle, and UGC managment. I'll include links and excerpts and hope the value from sharing how badass gaming and its talent are can offset the cost of some meddling kids learning things. Thanks for allowing me to start, grow, and uplevel my tech and leadership skills on Steam and TF2. While it doesn't benefit my cause to put myself on, I hope my work here becomes a reason for you to see the best in all the bored kids at home...too curious. Whenever this starts.....it'll be magic :) 
