# Friday April 30th, 2021

Today is a new day! Today is an opportunity! By the end of this 100 day effort, I should have $0 but I would like to have at least 5 digits left over after taxes (next year too). How much did I start with? Turns out the price for freedom; time traveling 40 years into the future and bringing back what I needed to do this; and the amount of self-respect it takes to want to be happy and excited for the world to change when the only reason I'm here is because I lost something that made me want to make sure I did the things I didn't want to just have be "woulda" "shoulda" "coulda". Like I said, I usually bail around 40-50 days b/c the 100 Day Challenge has craazy good prizes. This time, the only goal is to show up for 100 days saying no to any other prize until then. I could just show up everyday and do nothing intellectual at all. In fact, I believe the 1,000x GDP goal is possible if and only if I can have faith that my own mortality should scare me enough so I can only feel good if I know you'll care enough about me and my intentnios to want to help clean up if I introduce or inspire something that I would feel heart broken by if I was Day 1 me. Yo, I could chase a ball dream and a mic too man. Also I'm staying single so that's covered. My parents accepted me home after knowing how much I turn up before I do my axes. So all is well man. Life is good. I don't want better. I want it for you.

Also, I choose to be cautiously optimistic. So DON'T piss me off by making Peter hate me for sharing this. Don't worry, I'm already too hot so I'm safe googling his name and this quote. You're not. Don't be stupid. Okay, here:

"This is the classic trichotomy of the easy, the hard, and the impossible. Kaczynski argued that modern people are depressed because all the world’s hard problems have already been solved. What’s left to do is either easy or impossible, and pursuing those tasks is deeply unsatisfying. What you can do, even a child can do; what you can’t do, even Einstein couldn’t have done."
"Kaczynski’s idea was to destroy existing institutions, get rid of all technology, and let people start over and work on hard problems anew."

Actually, both Peter Thiel & Kaczynski (please...please...please DO NOT think I'm indorsing his stupidity; smart kid tho) were wrong. When you run out of all the other goals, you STILL show up for humanity and the opportunity to do my part in earning God's trust back after the 2020 we had.....sheeshh....

Seriously though, I want the same friends, mentors & heroes, and home town fear b/c that's what helps me accrue more in this world that I don't want to lose, dissapoint, or burn a bridge with. For everyone, no matter what you think of them, there is family, friends, & recess-stick-of-gum built-in with every human. After all, every "bad guy" in history thought they were right and doing the right thing. Relax, I know of gangs that are more philanthropic than you and yours haha! So, to the bored kid at home who finds this: if you want to be good as shit; unf@c$kble with; and not have any envy from anyone....join the intellegence community. You can't complain about it; you can't brag about it; and we'll never know what you do to help keep us safe. I loveeed 007, Mission Impossible, Bourne, Alex Rider, & Young Bond as a kid so it's pretty obvious by now that if you mention any of these on the internet, forget even being able to survive the background check, go chase a billion or something. These kids are commited bro. They could get a breakfast corn flakes deal and a Space Jam too. Some could be *gulp*...yump...  

So now that I made that clear: I am just as afraid, confident, & faithful as you are. So yeah...politics/military, non-profits, & awards/leagues are not my thing. I mean, eSports teams looking for a Cass APC main or Soldier main for UGC can hit me up anytime. Other than that, I have some awesome stuff to share with you today.

=========
Today
=========

Good news: The US Department of Education is looking for accountability systems and data/insight tool that can protect privacy, be self-serve at district level, & adhere to strict data custodian requirements.
Better news: There is a market, need, & evidence for what I am looking to create.

Good news: I can buy the chair I had at my last Hilton hotel room.
Better news: Digging into their site led me to one of their vendors who orchastrates the event/business process for IHG (the brand umbrella).
Awesome news: Hotels are private public spaces. Which, if you're curious, is different from the hotel room which is a private space. So everything is different. Idk....something tells me there is an opportunity here to make event/conference experience post-covid better than it's ever been.

Good suggestion: Stop killing your brain cells.
If you want to copy me: servant leadership, respect is the minimum, and full-stack eng are where you want to start.
Better suggestion: You and your grandparents will struggle with things that I have had a fun time trying to balance the past 4-5 years.
Awesome suggestion: How to forget things when you live in an era of a medium that has you remembering memes from Vine days? How to improve your recall ability through workflow & memory-palace improvements? How to take time off without forgetting everything....


Man, today I woke up a jerk! I like to measure myself on how long it takes me to get to normalcy when I get up. Usually, if I feel like I'm too toxic; feeling feelings for no reason or reason I forgot; or make up fun problems to solve to keep myself busy....I go take some space and time.
To be a product designer, you have to be willing to go through all the emotions for who you're creating for; yep, the bad users that you don't want to experience too. You also need to say "I am only looking for feedback on X; not anything else". You also have to be a jerk b/c nations are trying to get you to make privacy and data decisions for some project you're working on and you can't figure out how to ask for help from anyone. Maybe you break a few hearts. Now....imagine having the complex & ego of an eng, entrepreneur, and designer. *Begins to queue up "What a time to be alive"*

Make it a good day!
