# Thursday May 20th, 2021

We belive everyone is elite at what they do and in bringing them together, you can empower the world. We belive the world is malluable, tactile, and tacit.

Too turnt up? Here's a freebie for Uncle Sam: When you have a store credit card, the locations you change won't be reflected in the store if only updated w/ credit compay. The credit bereau also gets it much later AND the payments you make only get propogated a few days later. Not to mention the bills that you pay land on different dates depending on your purchase time, month cycle, and whatever is in between. Got a couple fees pilled up? Want to make sure you ask about that to make sure they don't become the reason why you can't go through with paying it off and canceling it (which is not advice btw so be mindful of the benefits of long credit history). Also, you want to figure out how to handle or resolve this issue? You can't easily do so without being mindful of the negative nature of feedback that gets thrown their way and up the org ladder. Likely the bank and the store don't share data (for good reason) so they won't be able to propogate changes that are important for you and I to be responsible financially.

It's the opportunities we seek for a chance at breaking the cycle of pain and suffering that make the day truly new for us all. Banks, IRS, forgetful young adults, parents, & your credit history can all get behind these improvements. I actually had this issue for myself and figured I would share it here b/c I'm too lazy to follow up with their HQ and enterprise team to make it into a product change. I'm like "go away!" Step function jumps are about aligning incentives, individual autonomy, and the liberty to chamption for the common collective goood.


I told you we gonna hit 1,000x GDP. Faith. In God we trust.

Cheers,
A good day; we make it!


# Dear Diary: I'm scared. I don't mean to scare you but if you care, help me not take it all on:

1. Since "race" is usually a sensative topic I figured I'd start there: learn from slavery and don't assume spanish and hispanic and latin folks won't be integrated in all walks of life, much like it has since the civil rights movement. I don't really have a point here but take it as warning that I too appreciate people seeing my tenacity and dilligence as qualities that I like to be proud of and see as a symbol for others. Also I would do a little research on language and its role in influencing culture. News flash: spanish class was a requirement in middle school. I'll stop there and let you double click on your own accord
2. Phone glass protectors / suspiciously cheap accessories , portable batteries with companion apps / power consumption optimization, & active noise canceling. Please from the bottom of my heart help bring the FBI's attention to this b/c I'm not going to make myself that hot right now. Why? Last shopping season the FBI Portland field office put out a consumer notice about cheap smart TV offerings that may surprise with data leaking, backdoors, & privacy envasion. Now is that a reason for you to make me feel responsible for Fear Uncertainity and Doubt? No. That's moving markets. But... I don't have the time nor bandwidth to take these problems on in the market. We need to keep an eye out now....If this doesn't blow up in my face I'll add a ton more I have in my parking lot
3. Don't assume that you will steam roll people through your innovation, disruption, and dAPP for X b.s. I care about you, founder/eng/designer/not-legal, so I'd advise that you first study the cultural nuance behind the problem you're solving; see what history has to say about the winners, losers, and how the duality became a passage for where we are today; and finally: please don't assume real world consequences don't exist for each change you make. If that last part wasn't clear enough: you will not only be putting others life at risk, but possibly those of those who enable, support, or empower you. That's not acceptable and 0 should be your target with fear running through you at any time. Legistlation isn't going to catch up and you will have to accept the duality of your work: damn'd if you do and damn'd if you don't. At least now you're damn scared and that's good enough. Play the continous game ladies & gentlemen - the problem you're working on isn't important to any degree or magnitude in comparission to the 1/100 of the person you'll grow out of to be. I'm excited to see you grow into the 100x of you that you presently are ;) 
