# Wednesday June 2nd, 2021

May your days be all but a quench for you to feel changed. The opportunity is yours and to will at your own accord. The chances we take are all that we are and the ones we didn't are none but a bind to counterfactuals that will fracture our ability to crystalize this moment as momentus as any to change and to remain living changed in perpituity.

It's also June but it may not be the 1st time that's happened. Yep, that one is meh. Eh.

# June 2021, last 2 weeks, & falling in love with the world

Very humbled, grateful, and quite impressed that I've made it this far. Usually, I dip about half way to go live a little ;) This time, you can understand why fear, complacentcy, and desire to stick to "you or nothing" makes me erk at the idea that I may one day be on a wall. In order to make room for the new era of sports cars, Zion and everyone else basketball, & the JB of today-row idk one of you will help a medium take off and claim the north. Anyway, I have wished for the silver Kompressor kind of life and that's just about as many stars as I'm willing to rock. *di dum dush* I say all this because I have not the ounce of desire or interest in trading the career I have already worked hard in trying to shape into a lifestyle so I could always keep building stuff with cool people to make magical feelings and experiences happen. *snaps*
This is kind of a dream come true already to be able to have survived this long at what is now the adolesence stage of the internet. It's pretty much as old as I am in its golden age and it's likely to be around *shrug*. So I imagine the rhetoric that the giants are too big too fall is b.s. and I urge you to wisen up and get comfortable with building on top of platforms that will only build moat with auth, ML, first mover advantages, & the ability to retain talent. Hurt? Good. Go do the same. I obviously believe new mediums, platforms, behavior cycles, etc.... will yield new ground to sprout your own but again....you just have to be there to capture it. Seee the point above.

I've already said I planned for this project to be my segue into something not what I've been doing for the past 10 years. It has helped me feel comfortable exploring the depth and breadth of sampling and taste making within the bounds of what my courage, patience, & deadlines can contain. See "weell, that's different obv; that's for work". This is the only role and function I know of so far that can allow someone with my peculiar set of wants and needs can thrive in with little to no ceiling. Queue in some cliche point about new age leadership gospel while rockin the new vest with the fresh cent of sweat equity. Yep, so good you gotta do another lap just to make sure you don't slow down towards the finish line. Seriously, I did sports 1 year and that was enough to teach me a lesson about seeing the goal. I think I remember something something Linoln something you have to prepare for things to take longer and that'll help you course correct for the time getting in your head. Hmm yea, pretty good advice. Now back to this tweet....( 1 shy....lol)
To conclude this point: I think Donald Glover's perspective on what it takes to preserve your individual ability to transition laterally in skill, discipline, & identity management is pretty spot on and has been instrumental in allowing me to not feel too stuck to one type of value creation but also not lose touch with the beaauty in its preservation. I've tried to pay it forward by encouraging my friends to cultivate their appetite for wearing different hats that I feel could be new opportunities for their passion, drive, & purpose to spark radical innovation, change, & dynamomism if it also attracts people from the role they once saw as inseperable from the change they wanted to catalyst.
I've personally found it to be one of the most fulfilling paths I've ever ventured on whenever I get a chance to get a little nuts and wild doing a small task or bit putting on the hat of the talented people I get to work with. They still haven't let me make a commit but *shurg* but I guess the real commit was the commitment we made along the way. *one, and only one, tear of joy splashes* Then I get reminded that yeah....if I care I should get back to figuring out how to ship faster so I can get promoted. Trust me, I wouldn't flex on the high band PM thing without remindeding you that new grad engineers can, and do, make more. *shrugs* "You do what you want when you got it". Yeah no one goes from startups to PM to be more egotistical so relax.....I get measured on outcomes in 3 months by default so get used to "behavior change" ringing in your ear if it seems to interest you. Shoutout to all the kids of the managers I've had in my life. The price some of us had to pay for a "better tomorrow" haah

### Last 2 weeks
I'm not really sure I got the don't be output driven advice right that I collected this year (i love who ever started saying this btw; sorry idk who). We could be 999x the GDP and "1 shy of just a" success. You were right but I'm glad I see that sooner than later. In my defense, picking the GDP as a metric to move was the most reasonable, *ahem* diplomatic in absolute bad*** *ahem*, lagging indicator I could find that was a proxy metric for the individual outcomes improved among a collectively intertwined economy. I challenge you to start with a better one and I bet you would have already outdone this right off the bat. I like to believe how you start sommething carries weight and generally you just gotta make sure you don't drop the ball haha

### Falling in love with the world
I found it imperative to my creative health, vigor in rigor, and appetite for quality work to transition from solving problems and head over heels into falling in invigorating love with the work, problem, & the world. I heard sex apeal sells so I went and jumped right into the pillow talk with my dream work. *yep, I know....that was good* Now this is a patt I can get behind.

Yea, like I said: it's hard falling in and out of love with knowledge. Really does a number on you so I say <3 bacm (jk jk jk). Yes, you - yep, only the nialist in you could have me in this feel-good crap for this long. Something something history.*

### If you have to make it easier to be helped; do you have to make it easy to be changed? jk...I mean loved.

*takes a big breath in and takes a loook around thug mansion*
"Guess what? They thought I'd fall in love again to help untangle the global romance crisis that is at the bedrock of the most complex yet awwww changes in social & relationship dynamics around love, intimacy, & "Love Yourz." Including great hits from: gender dynamics balancing, assymetrical social capital distribution, uncomfortably intimate in dialogue (not convo), & increasingly individualism in direction while remaining tethered to the relationships cultivated in the local but experienced distributed in cascades."
*takes another hit* "And then I told them I worked on dating apps, social, mechanism design, product design, & behavioral econ"
*whole gang breaks into laughter*
"It's a good thing God gave me a heart that's worth a lot more than any intellect can imagine"
*the following event-series may actually be tru fam*

Like I said: it's on me!

Don't even. Lookin forward to retiring out this "Good Year" too bruh. Real G like me likes to make sure I don't cross any red zones. Yea, I'm also not ever doing software security so enjoy the irony now that I get to pick between some agent modeling & data engineering. See, didn't seem too hard to believe I was actually trying ha? Be respectful of the only kid who could bridge, understand, & actually help usher in an era of personal computing that won't rob your kid of individuality, shared autonomy, and earned incentives towards excellence.

In my rule book: we don't look behind us; we simply change and live changed. I take the same damn background checks and literally had to freak my golden youth on some accountability b.s. just for God to hit me with this clapback of a swirl. Just HAPPEED to do social, ML at scale, game servers (state machines, time series, etc..) and be really good understanding intimacy for product design.

What's got my gears all worked up? Hmmm idk I don't wanna talk about it anymore! I needed this and you needed this too. I am very much aware of what reverse counterfactuals are thank you very much. * intellects. Make it a good day though. Thanks for not giving me crap about it at least. Figured I would reward myself for all my contiguous, iterative, & "giving" efforts. And yes I am very much in my feelings...that's kind of the point dummmy. That's my MOAT. I don't do logic. I don't do loss managment. I don't do......okay well that's for work; it's different!

