# Monday June 7th, 2021

Hey again, you. I am not even sure but the old you. Like....the one who would rightfully defend the merit of life's love dilemmas that take priority over s* all over the world; not the fan I wamt to be a fan of. Well, at least I make sure you go take care of it in the enviroments, transitions, & traquility (duaity) that absorbes it best. Then do we come out the dark on some not so light hearted letters in a series; paddling. 21x5 my other other ... of letters. But with that same attitude of saying it at least once (or as the advice goes: you don't know decisions until you make one (not it i guess?). In my desire to NOT be facilitating nor provisioning the depth of the conversations about what they're gaining new confidence in saying: Canvas began as a response to reading 5th Discipline while at Twitter. Hottub, service design, & dialogue were about I got to before I gave us a much needed but poorly timed break from a decade ad campaign. (Harden mode obv so gaining new perspective)

So, what came of it? Your, *all the sponsors, coaches, & homies turn in unison with one brow raised* earned autonomy & carear capital gave you a chance to leverage the fresh inspiration into even trippling down on making small behavioral & tangible interactions be a canvas for bottom-up change that casscades up in step-function like stick. This game is all top right o.0 o.o .same.

Confidence isn't what I can preach but I don't think it's fair that you can say things now for the team that I imagine you'd near tremble for anything else for. Meanwhile, congrats, you've survived life's true test: growing up with adults in corporate America without making any(++/-1) feel like we compelled, propelled, and were even a proponent of it (jk on the last). Now, time to influence them all with the verbiage, linguistic, and ooo now im hungry...

Real culture is one that prizes the sense of ownership, over-the-top quality self-mastery, & a day worth lying about to anyone that asks outside. Out the bird now but not trying to make nesting my control system (da-dum-dishhh)

Well, I think you really stuck it to whomever dare utter that you were trying to convince them of something. History's first marshmellow liability & damages recepient. Inspired by the expiration date: Good Thru Forever! 
